[Music]
mommy's going to the beauty parlor
darling
but i'm leaving you with your favorite
friend raja he's going to take very very
good care of you
because if he doesn't he's going back to
the science lab
what the hell was wrong with that tank
nothing with you baby herman you were
great you were perfect you were better
than perfect
just roger he was blowing his lines
roger
what's this a tweeting bird eating bird
roger look what it says it says rabbit
gets clunked
and rabbits see stars knocking birds
stars
can we lose the playback please he's
killing me killing me but crying out
loud roger
how many times do we have to do this
damn scene oh
i'll be in my trailer taking a nap
excuse me
i can give you stars just drop the
refrigerator in my head one more time
i kept on your head 23 times already i
can take it don't worry about me
i'm not worried about you i'm worried
about the refrigerator this is the tale
of an up-and-coming movie star
named roger rabbit
it's a motion
[Music]
all the time he yanked my ears murder
marvin acme the rabbit cacked him last
night
remember you never saw me sex i'd do
anything for my husband mr valiant
anything and
[Music]
you wouldn't have any idea where the
rabbit might be got a thing for rabbits
the whole thing stinks like yesterday's
diapers it's a comedy a little different
from all the rest i'm a pig i'm a tune
i'm not bad i'm just drawn that way
but tell me eddie is that a rabbit in
your pocket you're just happy to see me
touchstone pictures and steven spielberg
presents a robert zemeckis field
we tunes may act idiotic but we're not
stupid
who framed roger rabbit
you